Update compose documentation (#13504)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/compose/README.md

The `compose` package is a collection of handy [Higher Order Components](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/higher-order-components.html) (HOCs) you can use to wrap your WordPress components and provide some basic features like: state, instance id, pure...

> The `compose` function is an alias to [flowRight](https://lodash.com/docs/#flowRight) from Lodash. It comes from functional programming, and allows you to compose any number of functions. You might also think of this as layering functions; `compose` will execute each function in sequence, passing the output of the function to the next function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `compose` function is an alias to [flowRight](https://lodash.com/docs/#flowRight) from Lodash. It comes from functional programming, and allows you to compose any number of functions. You might also think of this as layering functions; `compose` will execute the last function first, then sequentially move back through the previous functions passing the result of each function upward.
```
